docs/citation.md, before:

# How to Cite JurisAI

If you use JurisAI in your research or project, please cite it using one of the following formats:

## BibTeX

```bibtex
@software{jurisai2024,
  title     = {JurisAI: Legal Assistant for Ghana and Sierra Leone},
  author    = {{JurisAI Team}},
  year      = {2024},
  url       = {https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/jurisai},
  version   = {1.0.0},
  abstract  = {An intelligent legal assistant providing multilingual legal guidance for Ghana and Sierra Leone, featuring AI-powered document analysis and translations in English, Akan, and Krio.}
}
```

## APA Format

```
JurisAI Team. (2024). JurisAI: Legal Assistant for Ghana and Sierra Leone (Version 1.0.0) [Computer software]. https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/jurisai
```

## Chicago Format

```
JurisAI Team. 2024. "JurisAI: Legal Assistant for Ghana and Sierra Leone." Version 1.0.0. https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/jurisai.
```

## Related Citations

When using JurisAI, you might also want to cite our data sources:

### Ghana Legal Information Institute
```bibtex
@misc{ghalii2024,
  author = {{Ghana Legal Information Institute}},
  title  = {Ghana Legal Information Database},
  year   = {2024},
  url    = {https://ghalii.org/}
}
```

### Sierra Leone Legal Information Institute
```bibtex
@misc{sierralii2024,
  author = {{Sierra Leone Legal Information Institute}},
  title  = {Sierra Leone Legal Information Database},
  year   = {2024},
  url    = {https://sierralii.org/}
}
```

## Citation File

For programmatic access to citation information, you can use our [CITATION.cff](../CITATION.cff) file, which follows the [Citation File Format](https://citation-file-format.github.io/) specification.

Commit message:

Update CITATION.cff and citation.md with latest project information and references

docs/citation.md, after:

# How to Cite JurisAI

If you use JurisAI in your research or project, please cite it using one of the following formats:

## BibTeX

```bibtex
@software{jurisai2024,
  title     = {JurisAI: Legal Assistant for Ghana and Sierra Leone},
  author    = {{JurisAI Team}},
  year      = {2024},
  url       = {https://github.com/Saikrishna-Paila/Fostering-Accountability-and-Collaborative-Engagements-for-Integrity-and-Transformation},
  version   = {0.1.0},
  abstract  = {An intelligent legal assistant providing multilingual legal guidance for Ghana and Sierra Leone, featuring AI-powered document analysis and translations in English, Akan, and Krio.}
}
```

## APA Format

```
JurisAI Team. (2024). JurisAI: Legal Assistant for Ghana and Sierra Leone (Version 0.1.0) [Computer software]. https://github.com/Saikrishna-Paila/Fostering-Accountability-and-Collaborative-Engagements-for-Integrity-and-Transformation
```

## Chicago Format

```
JurisAI Team. 2024. "JurisAI: Legal Assistant for Ghana and Sierra Leone." Version 0.1.0. https://github.com/Saikrishna-Paila/Fostering-Accountability-and-Collaborative-Engagements-for-Integrity-and-Transformation.
```

## Related Citations

When using JurisAI, you might also want to cite our data sources:

### Ghana Legal Information Institute
```bibtex
@misc{ghalii2024,
  author = {{Ghana Legal Information Institute}},
  title  = {Ghana Legal Information Database},
  year   = {2024},
  url    = {https://www.ghalii.org/}
}
```

### Sierra Leone Legal Information Institute
```bibtex
@misc{sierralii2024,
  author = {{Sierra Leone Legal Information Institute}},
  title  = {Sierra Leone Legal Information Database},
  year   = {2024},
  url    = {https://www.sierralii.org/}
}
```

## Citation File

For programmatic access to citation information, you can use our [CITATION.cff](../CITATION.cff) file, which follows the [Citation File Format](https://citation-file-format.github.io/) specification.

Note: This is an early release version. Please check for the latest version number and updates in the repository.
